


Case for action:
What's so - People in the world have the experience of being disconnected.
There is a craving to reconnect with 'nature', and with each other without fear,
 to heal, for a sense of peacce and well being.

Anxiety, depression, addictions are running the 'human being show'.. 
and the physical results are all around us - global warming and highly systemized lives.

What's predictable - Future generations will operate 'business as usual' else
future generatations will shun 'business as usual' and move forward without our generations
contribution. 

What's possible - By opening up the conversation about 
transforming humanity we may develop a real responsibility
that naturally causes positive actions in the world.


Individual well being => Group well being => Planetary well being. 



What's the angle that makes you intrigued?
I’m curious about the nature of consciousness, about what or who I really am, about what happens if we strip down or transform the ego for the purpose of total being.
What happens if we go deep down the rabbit hole? 

[most people take transformation and ego for 
granted so that they lead highly fragmented lives]



It’s intriguing to me that there is little societal value places on ‘self-awareness’. There aren’t classes in highschool for self awareness… this world never existed for me as a youngster, not until I was 30 with a new born baby…etc

What's the point of view that makes the topic open up in your mind?



With practiced awareness it's possible to more easily shape destiny

How does that new perspective show you something you didn't see before?
The alternative to being extremely aware is a life of sleepwalking or not being totally alive.
Life is lived inauthentically 


Now think about your prospective reader.
What's their interest in the topic?
They’re wondering what’s wrong with them or they are struggling to ‘get it’.... Some ppl are interested in self-help books



What's at risk for them in tackling it on their own?
Lack of follow through on the subject, they might waste lots of time ‘figuring it out’ on their own, they might get hooked by an ideology instead of any personal transformation. Failing and giving up. 

What's the potential upside of them going with you and exploring it alongside you?
I’m an aspiring master on the subject of cpc who thrives on sharing ways to go beyond insights, I can easily bring a novice up to an advanced level with due process. Having a guide is especially important for the neophyte.



Answer those questions first. Then look for how to sew them together into one fabric.

